# Select BlueGriffon
mk_add_options MOZ_TOOLKIT_SEARCH=
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/bg
ac_add_options --enable-application=bluegriffon

# System directories
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
#ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
#ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-pulseaudio

ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols

# Optimization
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --enable-optimize
mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-s -j4"
